5) Learn and Be Curious : Leaders are never done learning and always seek to improve themselves. They are curious about new possibilities and act to explore them.

How do you stay inspired, acquire new knowledge, or innovate in your work?
How do you keep up with best practices?
How do you keep up with industry trends and what your competitors are doing?
What have you learned that has helped you in your job?
What is the coolest thing you’ve learned on your own that has helped you better perform your job?
What is a recent book you’ve read and what did you learn from it?
What are you working on to improve your overall effectiveness at work?
Give me an example of a time when you challenged the notion that that something had to be done a certain way because it had always been done that way.
Give me an example of a time when someone on your team challenged you to think differently about a problem. (Manager)
Tell me about a time when you realized that you might have lost that fresh perspective. What ended up happening? (When we enter a new role or problem space, it is common to come in and see things with a fresh perspective.)
Tell me about a time you learned something new from your peer or your direct report at work.
Tell me about a time when you solved a problem through just superior knowledge or observation.
Tell me about a time when you influenced a change by only asking questions.
Tell me about a project that required you to learn something new.
Tell me about a time you took on work outside of your comfort area and found it rewarding.
Tell me about a time you found you needed a deeper level of subject matter expertise to do your job well.
Tell me about a time you didn’t know what to do next or how to solve a challenging problem?
Tell me about a time you hired someone smarter than you. (Manager)
Tell me about a time when you challenged your team to push the envelope and go beyond existing standards and expectations. (Manager)

Task :

1) websockets for chat application
2) bloom filter for finding if a user exists or not in a system

Action : added Jasper report engine to CAS